Li Zhang

4242 Colden St., Flushing, NY 11355
(929)278-6120
leelizhang0101@gmail.com


Dear xx Hiring Manager,

I have been admiring your company’s excellence in banking industry for years and was excited to hear about this intership opportunity from Baruch GCMC. I currently enroll in the graduate degree at Baruch College with a concentration in financial risk management and aim for a career as a quantitative risk analyst. Throughout my graduate studies at Baruch, I have excelled in all of my courses, maintaining an average 3.8 GPA. 

the stochastic nature of securities returns, estimation approaches of value at risk, issues of portfolio aggregation,
correlation measurement and forecasting




Highlights of my qualifications include the following:
formulate VaR modules using both parametric and non-parametric methodologies employed in leading financial firms
apply
understanding of key assumptions made to develop VaR estimates
estimation of VaR for derivatives and fixed income securities with embedded optionality

apply back-testing and stress testing of VaR estimates and financial portfolio, to evaluate the goodness of the estimates
and Monte Carlo and scenario analysis
VaR mapping


Developing complex forecasts and models to predict future risk.
  Analyzing and determining current risk issues.
  Driving the valuation of various derivative instruments, developing intricate models, validating the soundness of model   assumptions, and detecting unidentified area for potential loss.
  Providing accurate and detailed oversight of financial / risk analyses while collaborating with multiple teams and authorities to enable maximum efficiency and productivity.
  Passed CFA level I exam, currently FRM level I candidate

In additional to my relevant coursework, I have a my quantitative finance and risk analytics
. Coding experience in Python, VBA, R provides me strong analytical programming and data mining skills
As part of my course work, I extensively use the R statistical software to download, clean and fit models to large financial data sets to measure risk metrics and returns. I also used my programming skills in Python to clean data


# why this company
XX first attrached my attention when I read about the fact that 
I am extremely enthusiastic about XX’s focus on more on modernization than . I align closely with your company’s emphasis on value creation and pursue of long-term success.
I am impressed with the credit rating analysis procedures that your company follows as I find them innovative and highly workable in this extremly competitive business world.

Please review my attached resume for additional details. I look forward to elaborating on how my specific skills and abilities will benefit your organization.

Sincerely,

Li Zhang

Encl. Resume

'''
As a highly competent, I would bring an organized, detail-oriented, and efficient mindset to this role. I would like to take part in the attainment of your long term goals.
With my knowledge in directing all facets of risk analysis and management, combined with my inherent interpersonal and organizational skills, I am certain I would make a valuable addition to your organization.
I am a strong candidate for this intership role based on 2 years experience working with big data sets at 
'''
